Soul Queen wanted for a unique hip-hop group in 5 Points/Downtown

Musical friends, 
If you know me, I'm starting a band and need vox, horns, and rhythm. Give me a call if you have extra time for more gigs.

If you don't know me, read below:



I need a soulful singer/rapper for a group I'm starting, as well as drums/horns/guitar/keys.

Music style is hip-hop with live horns, drums, keys/guitar and tuba. 

Style:
Really any hip hop that uses horns, this is "acoustic" hip hop in the style of the Roots album "Organix".

Music:
We'll start out with covers/grooves of groups like Anderson Paak, Laura Mvula, Clipse, the Roots, Lauren Hill, Donny Trumpet, etc.
Then we'll start writing our own, I have about 15 sketches for songs once we get going.

Gigs:
We'll look for basic openers and bar gigs, and work the crap out of social media.
Taking it from there, I've got connections to 90% of the independent venues in town I'll work on.


THE ROLE:

The band will need a soul queen to front it. That's a non-race/age/gender/sexuality specific term. 


If you're a queen, bae, queen bae, drag queen, or identify as "queen" and can sing jazz/r&b and lay down a verse, shoot me an email.

THIS IS YOUR BIG BREAK QUEENS, BAES, AND QUEEN BAES.

About me: I'm a tubist with 15 years music industry experience, and you've never heard a tuba do what I do.

I've done promotions for 3 medium sized labels in NYC, worked at the world famous Avatar Studios (Michael Jackson, Bruce Springstein, Lincoln Center Jazz, My Morning Jacket, etc), and play in 3 successful bands around Denver.

What's my tuba playing like? 
I beatbox and play really freaking fast. 

My playing has been described by the Soul Brass Band from New Orleans as "straight fire".  
My playing has been called "insane" by Clay, the lead singer of the Gasoline Lolipops.
I've seen people on LSD's eyes roll back in their head when I play tuba.

Sorry about the ego, just trying to convince y'all to join a band with a tuba in it :)


Basic requirements for the Soul Queen:
- can learn by ear, and can read music if needed(not mandatory)
- has lyrics just waiting to be heard
- some stage experience (a little is better than none!)
- relatively free, and can use google calendar for scheduling
- has the ability to get around town, gigs will be denver/boulder to start
- understands that money comes from getting better gigs, but I will pay for gas to rehearsals in the beginning
- knows who Erykah Badu, Lauren Hill, Laura Mvula, Nina Simone, Betty Davis, and other soul queens are.
- has enough ego to own a stage, but not so much as to piss their bandmates off

I'm flexible, very professional, and love making music with people. This is my first official band project, and I'd love your help.

Send me a message with your basic availability, some info about you and your music, and recordings if you have them.

I'll send you a soundcloud link with some loops if you don't have recordings. Play them in the background while you rap on your phone, that's fine. I just need some basics of your musicianship.

Looking forward to it!!

contact:
brassandgoldsociety at gmail.com

Sousa Ben 
